h1. Matrix Relations

Provides a lightweight relationship fieldtype for use with "Pixel &amp; Tonic Matrix":http://pixelandtonic.com/matrix/ .

h2. Info

Developed by Moresoda Design Ltd, "http://www.moresoda.co.uk":http://www.moresoda.co.uk

h2. Requirements

* ExpressionEngine 2.3 +
* P&T Matrix 2.2+

h2. Browser Compatibility

* Firefox 2+
* Safari 2+
* Chrome 3+
* Opera 9+
* Internet Explorer 7+

h2. Installation

# Copy the @system/expressionengine/third_party/matrix_relations@ folder to your @system/expressionengine/third_party/@ folder.
# Go to _Add-ons&rarr;Fieldtypes_ in the ExpressionEngine control panel and install the fieldtype labelled _Matrix Relations_.
# You will now see _Matrix_Relations_ as a fieldtype option when creating &amp; editing P&T Matrix fields


h2. Example Usage

h3. Simple Example

If you have setup a Matrix field called 'people' and within the Matrix settings you have created a Matrix Relations field called 'name', your templates may look like this:

<pre>
	{exp:channel:entries channel="channel_name"}
		<ul>
		{people}
			<li>{name}</li>
		{/people}
		</ul>
	{/exp:channel:entries}
</pre>

By default the field returns the entry title:

<pre>
	<ul>
		<li>John Smith</li>
		<li>Richard Jones</li>
		<li>Sarah Richards</li>
	</ul>
</pre>

h3. Parameter Example

You can access different information regarding the related entry by using the 'field' parameter:

<pre>
	{exp:channel:entries channel="channel_name"}
		<ul>
		{people}
			<li>{name field="url_title"}</li>
		{/people}
		</ul>
	{/exp:channel:entries}
</pre>

Produces:

<pre>
	<ul>
		<li>john-smith</li>
		<li>richard-jones</li>
		<li>sarah-richards</li>
	</ul>
</pre>

h2. Parameters

h3. _field_

Example:

<pre>
	{field_name field="entry_id"}
</pre>

Allows you to display different information about the related entry.  Accepts the following field names:

* entry_id
* title  - _[default]_
* url_title
* site_id
* channel_id
* author_id
* status


h2. Change log

h4. 1.0

Public release